I made this in p5js
I made this with p5 dot js
I made this with p5js
P5js is a javascript library
for making web-based
interactive experiences
and having fun with code.
With p5js you can quickly create
animations, games,
data visualizations,
generative art, and more.
P5js is an amazing program
to get you started on
any animation or
cool javascript project
that you are trying to do.
Programming with p5 is
just like using javascript,
but with built in tools
for coding cool stuff.
It’s designed to be easy
for beginners,
but robust enough for
experienced developers, designers,
dreamers, and inventors.
And since browsers speak in javascript,
you can share your
work with others online.
It’s mobile friendly too.
Your imagination is the limit!
With just a few lines of code
you can make shapes,
like this circle, on your screen.
Without p5, writing this out
would take a lot more code.
It can multiply from there
Bring them to life with movement
or make them interactive.
Try moving your mouse accross the screen.
P5js helps you to get your
ideas on screen quickly.
And since you can see the
results of your code
it’s a great for learning
programming concepts.
Its the best!
You can do anything you can think of.
P5js gets also used by
graphic designers who are not used to code.
P5js gets me excited.
*children's laughter*
P5js is free and easy to set up.
You can either code right in your browser
using the p5 web editor,
or download the javascript libraries
to your computer.
No special software required.
There are lots of great tutorials
to help get you started.
But if you get stuck, don’t worry,
you can always ask for help
in our community forums
P5 is open-source.
If you want to contribute
to its  development,
take a look at our community page.
We are an inclusive, diverse community,
and we welcome new users.
If you want to use p5, its for you!
If you want to contribute to p5js,
you can too!
The p5 community is
intentionally inclusive.
If you want to join us, you’re in!
If you want to join, you’re in!
Thanks for checking out p5js.
We’re excited to see what you make!
*Laughter*